README.md, before:

# 👨‍💻 Loyd | Full Stack Developer

## 🚀 About Me
Passionate Full Stack Developer with expertise in building scalable web applications. I specialize in both frontend and backend development, with a strong focus on creating efficient, user-friendly solutions. Currently contributing to innovative projects that make a positive impact.

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Frontend Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angular/angular-original.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" alt="materialui" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Backend Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nestjs/nestjs-original.svg" alt="nestjs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" alt="laravel" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Database & Cloud:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/googlecloud/googlecloud-original.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Mobile Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react-native" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" alt="swift" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Tools & Others:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jenkins/jenkins-original.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" alt="jira" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="vscode" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" alt="npm" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

## 📫 Let's Connect
- 💼 Open for collaboration on innovative projects
- 📧 Reach out for professional opportunities
- 🤝 Always interested in connecting with fellow developers

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Loydie123&theme=nord&column=7&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Loydie123&show_icons=true&theme=nord" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Loydie123&theme=nord" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Loydie123&layout=compact&theme=nord" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

Commit message:

Enhance About Me section with mobile development expertise

README.md, after:

# 👨‍💻 Loyd | Full Stack Developer

## 🚀 About Me
Versatile Full Stack Developer with expertise in web and mobile application development. I specialize in crafting scalable solutions across the entire development stack - from responsive web applications to native mobile experiences. My technical arsenal includes:

- 💻 Web Development: Building modern, responsive web applications using React, Angular, and Vue.js
- 📱 Mobile Development: Creating cross-platform mobile apps with React Native and native development for iOS/Android
- ⚙️ Backend Systems: Designing robust server architectures with Node.js, NestJS, and cloud services
- 🔄 Database Management: Working with both SQL and NoSQL databases for optimal data solutions

Currently focused on developing innovative solutions that bridge web and mobile platforms, while maintaining a strong emphasis on performance, user experience, and code quality.

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Frontend Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="nextjs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/angular/angular-original.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="vuejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" alt="materialui" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Backend Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nestjs/nestjs-original.svg" alt="nestjs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" alt="laravel" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" alt="graphql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Database & Cloud:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/googlecloud/googlecloud-original.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Mobile Development:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react-native" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/swift/swift-original.svg" alt="swift" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### Tools & Others:
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jenkins/jenkins-original.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jira/jira-original.svg" alt="jira" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="vscode" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" alt="npm" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

## 📫 Let's Connect
- 💼 Open for collaboration on innovative projects
- 📧 Reach out for professional opportunities
- 🤝 Always interested in connecting with fellow developers

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Loydie123&theme=nord&column=7&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Loydie123&show_icons=true&theme=nord" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Loydie123&theme=nord" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Loydie123&layout=compact&theme=nord" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>
